Update Node.js roadmap Assertion Errors (#3090)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/103-nodejs-error-handling/103-error-types/103-assertion-errors.md

> # Assertion errors
> 
> Assertions are a key part of tests. They are the ones who check the functionality of the code.
> Node.js comes with the assert module, which has several features to make it easier to write assertions. When such an assertion fails an AssertionError is thrown to indicate what went wrong
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Assertion Errors

An `AssertionError` in Node.js is an error that is thrown when the `assert` module determines that a given expression is not truthy. The `assert` module is a built-in Node.js module that provides a simple set of assertion tests that can be used to test the behavior of your code.

```
